Vicki Macdonald, Holy Trinity Church during the longest yarn.
Wendy has remembered some more things about her family, a number of uncles who all were
very involved in the war and who survived.
Wendy tell me about them.
So I had one uncle in the convoys going up to Russia and then another one who was in
the African rifles, another in the Mediterranean as a sailor, and then the one, the youngest
one was in the submarines and he'd volunteered to go and he was only 17 and he said he was
18 I think or he was 16 and when he was sent out to the Far East, the Japanese were bombing
the submarines and they had to pretend that they were hit and they had to throw out their
valuables overboard to give the impression that they'd been hit and I remember my mother
being very annoyed because something, a present she'd given him was thrown overboard and another
one was in the, I have one, two, three African rifles, I think that was it really.
So Wendy were they, they were brothers or were they?
They were all brothers, five brothers.
Five brothers and my grandmother was dying of cancer and in 1944 she died and the, what's
the name of the service, they managed to get all the brothers home in time for the funeral.
For their mother's funeral.
I don't know how they managed it, yes.
And they all survived the war?
They all survived the war.
She must have been absolutely devastated when all five of them were at war together.
Yes, but they survived.
They survived and she didn't know that they survived.
No.
Oh gosh.
That is amazing isn't it?
I went to the funeral, I was taken to the funeral in 1944.
Oh thank you Wendy, that's a lovely addition, thank you so much.